# AI_Painter
Neural Style Transfer
It is a technique known as Neural Style Transfer, blending Style from one image into the base image without changing its content. The only change is the style configurations of the image to give it an artistic touch to the base image. The content image describes the layout or the sketch and Style of the painting. It is an application of Computer Vision related to image processing techniques and Deep Convolutional Neural Networks. Neural Style Transfer deals with two sets of images: Content image or base image and Style image. This technique helps to recreate the base image in the style of the reference image. It uses Neural Networks to apply the artistic style from one image to another. Neural style transfer opens up endless possibilities in design, content generation, and the development of creative tools.

## How to use
Initially download the python notebook and upload it to Google Drive. Also, change the runtime to GPU for faster generation of the image. Then open it using Google Colab. Before running the first cell of the python notebook, upload the required base and style images to Google Drive where the neural style transfer python notebook is stored. Next, either you can rename the corresponding base and content images as 'base.jpg' and 'style.jpg' otherwise change the filename and type in the fourth cell of the python notebook. Also, you can directly add the link of the images without saving it to google drive. Run the cell one after the other without missing any cell, otherwise, an error will be generated. In the second cell, change the path to the location where the python notebook is stored. Finally, in the last cell, set the number of iterations required. The higher the iteration, the longer will it take, and the better will be the result. Hence the generated image will be stored in your drive where the Neural Style Transfer python notebook is stored.
